feat(cli): add provider upgrade command (#2202)
hashicorp/terraform-cdk: website/docs/cdktf/cli-reference/commands.mdx

```bash
$ cdktf provider add registry.example.com/acme/my-provider
```

> ## provider add

Reviewer: can we add this to the top of the page as well? :) we've got a linked list up there. Actually, we can probably delete that now because the devportal has a nice sidecar with all the headings in it
<img width="201" alt="Screen Shot 2022-10-31 at 12 24 06 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83350965/199058347-e2fda4c1-db01-44a8-b736-1b131495eba0.png">

Reviewer: @DanielMSchmidt can you also adjust this page so that the commands are in alphabetical order? I feel like this one and the one before it need to be placed differently on the page to make that happen. that will make it easier for users to find what they're looking for

Author: Sorting them would make sense, but I'd rather do that in a second PR (or would making sub-pages be nicer?)

Reviewer 2: Should this be `# provider upgrade`?

> This command facilitates upgrading Terraform providers in a CDKTF project. If a [pre-built provider](/cdktf/concepts/providers#install-pre-built-providers) for the requested provider is installed we will update it to the newest version matching the version constraint and your `cdktf` version. Otherwise, the provider will be added to the `cdktf.json` config and `cdktf get` will be automatically invoked to generate [local provider bindings](/cdktf/concepts/providers#add-provider-to-cdktf-json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command lets you upgrade Terraform providers in a CDKTF project. If a [pre-built provider](/cdktf/concepts/providers#install-pre-built-providers) for the requested provider is installed, CDKTF updates it to the newest version that matches the version constraint and your `cdktf` version. Otherwise, CDKTF adds the provider to the `cdktf.json` configuration file and invokes cdktf get` to generate [local provider bindings](/cdktf/concepts/providers#add-provider-to-cdktf-json).
```

```sh
$ cdktf provider add --help
```

**Help Output**

```
cdktf provider upgrade <provider...>

> Upgrade one or more Terraform providers in your project.

Reviewer: Would it be helpful to have a similar, expanded explanation in the CLI help text as we have in docs? Just so users an understand how CDKTF handles this situation?

```
Upgrade one or more Terraform providers in your project.

If the provider has a pre-built provider already installed, CDKTF updates it to the newest version that matches the version constraint and your `cdktf` version. Otherwise, CDKTF adds the provider to the `cdktf.json` configuration file and invokes cdktf get` to generate local provider bindings.
```

Author: Yeah good idea :)

Positionals:
  provider  Name of the provider to upgrade. Can include a version constraint (e.g. aws@~>4.0).
                                                                     [array] [required] [default: []]

Options:
      --version                   Show version number                                       [boolean]
      --disable-plugin-cache-env  Dont set TF_PLUGIN_CACHE_DIR automatically. This is useful when the
                                  plugin cache is configured differently. Supported using the env
                                  CDKTF_DISABLE_PLUGIN_CACHE_ENV.          [boolean] [default: false]
      --log-level                 Which log level should be written. Only supported via setting the
                                  env CDKTF_LOG_LEVEL                                        [string]
  -h, --help                      Show help                                                 [boolean]
```

**Examples**

> Upgrade the aws provider to the newest version available for your `cdktf` version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrade the `aws` provider to the newest version available for your `cdktf` version.
```

```bash
$ cdktf provider add aws
```

> Upgrade the aws provider to the newest version available for your `cdktf` version and at version `4` of the provider version.

Reviewer: What happens if your cdktf version doesn't support the constraint you added - like what if in this case your cdktf version doesn't support aws version 4?

Author: CDKTF support all provider versions. If there is no pre-built provider we will generate bindings locally through cdktf get

> Upgrade the aws provider to the newest version available for your `cdktf` version and at version `4` of the provider version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrade the `aws` provider to the newest version available for your `cdktf` version and at version `4` of the provider version.
```
